readme.md, before:

Chrome Bookmarks JSON
==================================

Allows you to import bookmarks into a specific folder.

## Purpose

The original idea is that projects should include a `bookmarks.json` file as part of source code.
The bookmarks can be important links within the app, documentation, or anything that is useful to consumers.
This allows everyone to share the same set of bookmarks and keep them versioned and up to date.

This extension is general purpose though and could be used to just share "chunks" of bookmarks as JSON.

## Steps to Install

1. Clone this repo
1. Open Chrome and go to [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/)
1. Check the "Developer Mode" checkbox in the top right
1. Click the "Load unpacked extension" button
1. Select the dir you cloned into from step 1

## Bookmarks.json

The plugin accepts json data representing your bookmarks:

```
[{
    "title": "bookmark",
    "url": "http://www.url.com"
}, {
    "title": "folder",
    "children": [
        { "title": "child-bookmark", "url": "http://www.another-url.com" }
    ]
}]
```

Basically, a folder is a `title` and `children` and a bookmark is a `title` and `url`.
You can nest these arbitrarily deep.

Commit message:

Use Elm for main UI
This switches over to using Elm for the main UI of the app.
The background script is still done in JS since it relies
heavily on Chrome APIs. The main interaction of traversing
and creating bookmarks is now done with Elm though. This uses
ports to access Chrome APIs for actual bookmark querying and
creation.

It ends up with a pretty cool separation. A JS layer/API to
interact with bookmark data and then pure data inside of Elm
to actually interact with the data.

This also brings in a much more formal build that includes js,
elm, html, and css. Also includes a watch script for development.

readme.md, after:

Chrome Bookmarks JSON
==================================

Allows you to import bookmarks into a specific folder.

## Purpose

The original idea is that projects should include a `bookmarks.json` file as part of source code.
The bookmarks can be important links within the app, documentation, or anything that is useful to consumers.
This allows everyone to share the same set of bookmarks and keep them versioned and up to date.

This extension is general purpose though and could be used to just share "chunks" of bookmarks as JSON.

## Required Software

1. Install latest stable Node - [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm) is good for this.
1. `npm install -g elm` - install Elm (0.17)

## Building

```
npm install
npm run build
```

For development you can alternatively use

```
npm run watch
```

## Installing (as Chrome extension)

1. Open Chrome and go to [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/)
1. Check the "Developer Mode" checkbox in the top right
1. Click the "Load unpacked extension" button
1. Select this directory

## Bookmarks.json

The plugin accepts json data representing your bookmarks:

```
[{
    "title": "bookmark",
    "url": "http://www.url.com"
}, {
    "title": "folder",
    "children": [
        { "title": "child-bookmark", "url": "http://www.another-url.com" }
    ]
}]
```

Basically, a folder is a `title` and `children` and a bookmark is a `title` and `url`.
You can nest these arbitrarily deep.
